"Rule No. 1: Never lose money. Rule No. 2: Never forget rule No.1" -Warren Buffett
"Should you find yourself in a chronically leaking boat, energy devoted to changing vessels is likely to be more productive than energy devoted to patching leaks." -Warren Buffett
"The most important thing to do if you find yourself in a hole is to stop digging." -Warren Buffett
"Price is what you pay. Value is what you get." -Warren Buffett
"Beware the investment activity that produces applause; the great moves are usually greeted by yawns." -Warren Buffett
"For the investor, a too-high purchase price for the stock of an excellent company can undo the effects of a subsequent decade of favorable business developments." -Warren Buffett
"Risk comes from not knowing what you are doing." -Warren Buffett
"Never invest in a business you cannot understand." -Warren Buffett
"If returns are going to be 7 or 8 percent and you're paying 1 percent for fees, that makes an enormous difference in how much money you're going to have in retirement." -Warren Buffett
“In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield." -Warren Buffett
"Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre." -Warren Buffett
"The key to investing is not assessing how much an industry is going to affect society, or how much it will grow, but rather determining the competitive advantage of any given company and, above all, the durability of that advantage." -Warren Buffett
"The three most important words in investing are margin of safety." -Warren Buffett
"On the margin of safety, which means, don't try and drive a 9,800-pound truck over a bridge that says it's, you know, capacity: 10,000 pounds. But go down the road a little bit and find one that says, capacity: 15,000 pounds." -Warren Buffett
"It's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price, than a fair company at a wonderful price." -Warren Buffett
"If a business does well, the stock eventually follows." -Warren Buffett
"For the investor, a too-high purchase price for the stock of an excellent company can undo the effects of a subsequent decade of favorable business developments." -Warren Buffett
"Only buy something that you'd be perfectly happy to hold if the market shut down for 10 years." -Warren Buffett
"All there is to investing is picking good stocks at good times and staying with them as long as they remain good companies." -Warren Buffett
"I never attempt to make money on the stock market. I buy on the assumption that they could close the market the next day and not reopen it for five years." -Warren Buffett
"It is a terrible mistake for investors with long-term horizons -- among them pension funds, college endowments, and savings-minded individuals -- to measure their investment' risk' by their portfolio's ratio of bonds to stocks." -Warren Buffett
“Successful investing takes time, discipline, and patience. No matter how great the talent or effort, some things just take time: You can't" produce a baby in one month by getting nine women pregnant.” -Warren Buffett
"Calling someone who trades actively in the market an investor is like calling someone who repeatedly engages in one-night stands a romantic." -Warren Buffett
"The stock market is designed to transfer money from the active to the patient." -Warren Buffett
"If you aren't thinking about owning a stock for 10 years, don't even think about owning it for 10 minutes." -Warren Buffett
“Our favorite holding period is forever." -Warren Buffett
“An investor should act as though he had a lifetime decision card with just twenty punches on it." -Warren Buffett
"Do not take yearly results too seriously. Instead, focus on four or five-year averages.” -Warren Buffett
“Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre.” -Warren Buffett
"Why not invest your assets in the companies you really like? As Mae West said, 'Too much of a good thing can be wonderful.'" -Warren Buffett
"The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective." -Warren Buffett
"There seems to be some perverse human characteristic that likes to make easy things difficult." -Warren Buffett
"The most important quality for an investor is temperament, not intellect. You need a temperament that neither derives great pleasure from being with the crowd or against the crowd." -Warren Buffett
"Success in investing doesn't correlate with IQ ... what you need is the temperament to control the urges that get other people into trouble in investing." -Warren Buffett
"The stock market is a no-called-strike game. You don't have to swing at everything -- you can wait for your pitch." -Warren Buffett
"You don't need to be a rocket scientist. Investing is not a game where the guy with the 160 IQ beats the guy with 130 IQ." -Warren Buffett
"What counts for most people in investing vs saving is not how much they know, but rather how realistically they define what they don't know." -Warren Buffett
"There is nothing wrong with a 'know nothing' investor who realizes it. The problem is when you are a 'know nothing' investor but you think you know something." -Warren Buffett
"Forecasts may tell you a great deal about the forecaster; they tell you nothing about the future." -Warren Buffett
"Buy a stock the way you would buy a house. Understand and like it such that you'd be content to own it in the absence of any market." -Warren Buffett
"It's better to have a partial interest in the Hope diamond than to own all of a rhinestone." -Warren Buffett
"You only have to be able to evaluate companies within your circle of competence. The size of that circle is not very important; knowing its boundaries, however, is vital." -Warren Buffett
"Diversification is protection against ignorance. It makes little sense if you know what you are doing." -Warren Buffett
"Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing." -Warren Buffett
"Opportunities come infrequently. When it rains gold, put out the bucket, not the thimble." -Warren Buffett
"We always live in an uncertain world. What is certain is that the United States will go forward over time." -Warren Buffett
"For 240 years, it's been a terrible mistake to bet against America, and now is no time to start." -Warren Buffett
"American business -- and consequently a basket of stocks -- is virtually certain to be worth far more in the years ahead." -Warren Buffett
"I won't" say if my candidate doesn't win, and probably half the time they haven't, I'm going to take my ball and go home." -Warren Buffett
"Widespread fear is your friend as an investor because it serves up bargain purchases." -Warren Buffett
"Whether we're talking about socks or stocks, I like buying quality merchandise when it is marked down." -Warren Buffett
"The best thing that happens to us is when a great company gets into temporary trouble...We want to buy them when they're on the operating table." -Warren Buffett
"Most people get interested in stocks when everyone else is. The time to get interested is when no one else is. You can't buy what is popular and do well." -Warren Buffett
"The most common cause of low prices is pessimism—sometimes pervasive, sometimes specific to a company or industry. We want to do business in such an environment, not because we like pessimism but because we like the prices it produces. It’s optimism that is the enemy of the rational buyer." -Warren Buffett
"After 25 years of buying and supervising a great variety of businesses, Charlie [Munger] and I have not learned how to solve difficult business problems. What we have learned is to avoid them." -Warren Buffett
“Speculation is most dangerous when it looks easiest." -Warren Buffett
"Keep things simple and don't swing for the fences. When promised quick profits, respond with a quick 'no.'" -Warren Buffett
"Half of all coin-flippers will win their first toss; none of those winners has an expectation of profit if he continues to play the game.” -Warren Buffett
"You do things when the opportunities come along. I've had periods in my life when I've had a bundle of ideas come along, and I've had long, dry spells. If I get an idea next week, I’ll do something. If not, I won't do a damn thing." -Warren Buffett
"If past history was all that is needed to play the game of money, the richest people would be librarians." -Warren Buffett
"The investor of today does not profit from yesterday’s growth." -Warren Buffett
"What we learn from history is that people don't learn from history." -Warren Buffett
"…not doing what we love in the name of greed is very poor management of our lives." -Warren Buffett
"We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful." -Warren Buffett
"Money is not everything. Make sure you earn a lot before speaking such nonsense." -Warren Buffett
"Today people who hold cash equivalents feel comfortable. They shouldn't. They have opted for a terrible long-term asset, one that pays virtually nothing and is certain to depreciate in value." -Warren Buffett
“An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.” — Benjamin Franklin
“Bottoms in the investment world don’t end with four-year lows; they end with 10- or 15-year lows.” — Jim Rogers
“I will tell you how to become rich. Close the doors. Be fearful when others are greedy. Be greedy when others are fearful.” — Warren Buffett
“With a good perspective on history, we can have a better understanding of the past and present, and thus a clear vision of the future.” — Carlos Slim Helu
“It’s not whether you’re right or wrong that’s important, but how much money you make when you’re right and how much you lose when you’re wrong.” — George Soros
“Given a 10% chance of a 100 times payoff, you should take that bet every time.” — Jeff Bezos
“Don’t look for the needle in the haystack. Just buy the haystack!” — John Bogle
“I don’t look to jump over seven-foot bars; I look around for one-foot bars that I can step over.” — Warren Buffett
“The stock market is filled with individuals who know the price of everything, but the value of nothing.” — Phillip Fisher
“In investing, what is comfortable is rarely profitable.” — Robert Arnott
“How many millionaires do you know who have become wealthy by investing in savings accounts? I rest my case.” — Robert G. Allen
“If there is one common theme to the vast range of the world’s financial crises, it is that excessive debt accumulation, whether by the government, banks, corporations, or consumers, often poses greater systemic risks than it seems during a boom.” — Carmen Reinhart
“We don’t prognosticate macroeconomic factors, we’re looking at our companies from a bottom-up perspective on their long-run prospects of returning.” — Mellody Hobson
“Courage taught me no matter how bad a crisis gets... any sound investment will eventually pay off.” — Carlos Slim Helu
“The individual investor should act consistently as an investor and not as a speculator.” — Ben Graham
“The biggest risk of all is not taking one.” — Mellody Hobson
“Returns matter a lot. It’s our capital.” — Abigail Johnson
“It’s not how much money you make, but how much money you keep, how hard it works for you, and how many generations you keep it for.” — Robert Kiyosaki
“Know what you own, and know why you own it.” — Peter Lynch
“Financial peace isn’t the acquisition of stuff. It’s learning to live on less than you make, so you can give money back and have money to invest. You can’t win until you do this.” — Dave Ramsey
“Investing should be more like watching paint dry or watching grass grow. If you want excitement, take $800 and go to Las Vegas.” — Paul Samuelson
“The four most dangerous words in investing are, it’s different this time.” — Sir John Templeton
“Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing.” — Warren Buffett
“You get recessions, you have stock market declines. If you don’t understand that’s going to happen, then you’re not ready, you won’t do well in the markets.” — Peter Lynch
“The most contrarian thing of all is not to oppose the crowd but to think for yourself.” — Peter Thiel
“Men, it has been well said, think in herds. It will be seen that they go mad in herds, while they only recover their senses slowly, and one by one.” — Charles Mackay, Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds
“A lone amateur built the ark; a large group of professionals built the Titanic.” — Unknown, The Maxims of Wall Street
“Fear incites human action far more urgently than does the impressive weight of historical evidence.” — Jeremy Siegel, Stocks for the Long Run (3rd Edition)
“When it’s dark enough, you can see the stars.” — Old Persian Proverb
“Nothing like price to change sentiment.” — Helene Meisler (@hmeisler)
“If you’re not willing to react with equanimity to a market price decline of 50% two or three times a century, you’re not fit to be a common shareholder and you deserve the mediocre result you’re going to get.” — Charlie Munger, Interview with BBC
“Your personal experiences with money make up maybe 0.00000001% of what’s happened in the world, but maybe 80% of how you think the world works.” — Morgan Housel, The Psychology of Money
“The four most dangerous words in investing are: ‘This time it’s different.’” — Sir John Templeton, The Devil’s Financial Dictionary
“The game of professional investment is intolerably boring and overreacting to anyone who is entirely exempt from the gambling instinct; whilst he who has it must pay to this propensity the appropriate toll.” — John Maynard Keynes, The General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money
“If you don’t know who you are, this is an expensive place to find out.” — Adam Smith (pseudonym for George Goodman), The Money Game
“Investors should remember that excitement and expenses are their enemies. And if they insist on trying to time their participation in equities, they should try to be fearful when others are greedy and greedy only when others are fearful.” — Warren Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway 2004 Letter to Shareholders
“Wall Street sells stocks and bonds, but what it really peddles is hope.” — Jason Zweig, The Devil’s Financial Dictionary
“Investing should be more like watching paint dry or watching grass grow. If you want excitement, take $800 and go to Las Vegas.” — Paul Samuelson
“I can calculate the motions of the heavenly bodies, but not the madness of people.” — Isaac Newton, The Royal Society
“The investor’s chief problem — and even his worst enemy — is likely to be himself.” — Benjamin Graham, The Intelligent Investor
“Wealth isn’t primarily determined by investment performance, but by investor behavior.” — Nick Murray, Simple Wealth Inevitable Wealth
“The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes.” — Winston Churchill
“It’s difficult to make predictions, especially with regards to the future.” — Old Proverb, The Most Important Thing
“To err is human, but to be paid for it is divine.” — Howard Ruff, The Maxims of Wall Street
“We are fond of saying that if these strategies are truly horribly overcrowded then someone has apparently forgotten to tell the prices.” — Clifford Asness, We’re Not Dead Yet
“The first rule of investment is: Don’t Lose. And the second rule of investment is: Don’t forget the first rule.” — Warren Buffett, How to Pick Stocks & Get Rich, PBS (1985)
“I put two children through Harvard by trading options. Unfortunately, they were my broker’s children.” — Jason Zweig, The Devil’s Financial Dictionary
“If you want to be a millionaire, start with a billion dollars and launch a new airline.” — Richard Branson, Harvard Business Review
“If it flies, floats, or fornicates, always rent it—it’s cheaper in the long run.” — Felix Dennis, How to Get Rich
“There seems to be an unwritten rule on Wall Street: If you don’t understand it, then put your life savings into it.” — Peter Lynch, One Up on Wall Street
“If you owe the bank $100, that’s your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that’s the bank’s problem.” — Old Proverb, Quote Investigator
“I tell my father’s story of the gambler who lost regularly. One day he hears about a race with only one horse in it, so he bet the rent money. Halfway around the track, the horse jumped over the fence and ran away.” — Howard Marks, The Most Important Thing
“Risk and time are opposite sides of the same coin, for if there were no tomorrow there would be no risk. Time transforms risk, and the nature of risk is shaped by the time horizon: the future is the playing field.” — Peter L. Bernstein, Against the Gods
“Risk taking is necessary for large success—but it is also necessary for failure.” — Nassim Taleb, Fooled by Randomness
“I am more concerned about the return of my principal than the return on my principal.” — Will Rogers
“When you want to test the depths of the stream, don’t use both feet.” — Chinese Proverb
“Large price changes tend to be followed by more large changes, positive or negative. Small changes tend to be followed by more small changes. Volatility clusters.” — Benoit B. Mandlebrot, The Misbehavior of Markets
“Markets look a lot less efficient from the banks of the Hudson than from the banks of the Charles.” — Fischer Black, Against the Gods
“Liquidity is only there when you don’t need it.” — Old Proverb, The Devil’s Financial Dictionary
“Risk cannot be eliminated; it just gets transferred and spread.” — Howard Marks, The Most Important Thing
“There is no such thing as no risk. There’s only this choice of what to risk, and when to risk it.” — Nick Murray, Simple Wealth Inevitable Wealth
“Survival is the only road to riches. You should try to maximize return only if losses would not threaten your survival and if you have a compelling future need for the extra gains you might earn.” — Peter L. Bernstein, Interview with Jason Zweig (2004)
“The market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.” — A. Gary Shilling/Unknown, Quote Investigator
“When I see a good thing going cheap, I buy a lot of it.” — Hetty Green, The Maxims of Wall Street
“Successful investing is anticipating the anticipation of others.” — John Maynard Keynes, The Maxims of Wall Street
“In this business, if you are good, you’re right six times out of ten.” — Peter Lynch
“Trading stocks is simple mathematics—2+2 = 4, but our greed makes it 5 and our panic makes it 3.” — Feroz Ahmed Khan
“Remember that stocks are never too high for you to begin buying or too low to begin selling.” — Jesse Livermore, Reminiscences of a Stock Market Operator
“The most dangerous people in the world are very smart traders who have never gotten their teeth kicked in.” — F. Helmut Weymar, More Money Than God
“It was never my thinking that made the big money for me. It was my sitting.” — Edwin Lefevre, Reminiscences of a Stock Market Operator
“We are all at a wonderful ball where the champagne sparkles in every glass and soft laughter falls upon the summer air. We know, by the rules, that at some moment, the Black Horseman will come shattering through the great terrace doors, wreaking vengeance and scattering the survivors. Those who leave early are saved, but the ball is so splendid no one wants to leave while there is still time, so that everyone keeps asking, ‘What time is it? What time is it?’ But none of the clocks have any hands.” — Adam Smith (pseudonym for George Goodman), Supermoney
“The trend has vanished, killed by its very discovery.” — Benoit B. Mandlebrot, The Misbehavior of Markets
“More people lost money waiting for corrections and anticipating corrections than the actual corrections.” — Peter Lynch, Interview with Fidelity (2019)
“When the Rothschilds got the word about the battle of Waterloo—in the movie it was by carrier pigeon—they didn’t rush down and buy British consols, the government bonds. They rushed in and sold, and then, in the panic, they bought.” — Adam Smith (pseudonym for George Goodman), The Money Game
“The time to buy is when there’s blood in the streets.” — Baron Rothschild
“It is my conclusion that the successful investor must [have] … patience to wait for the right moment—courage to buy or sell when the time arrives—and liquid capital.” — Benjamin Roth, The Great Depression: A Diary
“What the wise man does in the beginning, the fool does in the end.” — Old Proverb, Berkshire Hathaway 2011 Letter to Shareholders
“The additional rise of this stock above the true capital will be only imaginary; one added to one, by any rules of vulgar arithmetic, will never make three and a half; consequently, all the fictitious value must be a loss to some persons or other, first or last. The only way to prevent it oneself must be to sell out betimes, and so let the Devil take the hindmost.” — Anonymous Pamphleteer, Devil Take the Hindmost